the world has a way of changing but
there's one thing
that always stays the same you miss the
old life
deal every day
crank it all the way up
i used to live my life a quarter mile at
a time
but things changed
called father now i will
always be in your heart
little brian i have a gift for you
your daddy gave me this no i'm gonna
give it to you
it's very special it's for protection
from what's coming
all right dom what's next
no matter how fast you are
i am not to be compared to you no one
outruns their past
i am more easy you trying your best
and mine just caught up to me
been a long time down
[Music]
so we're up against a master thief
assassin performance driver
who is he
[Music]
jacob is dom's brother
your whole life you pushed yourself to
be faster than dawn
smarter than don stronger than dawn
but could you kill him
[Music]
because i'm ready if you are
there's nothing more powerful than the
lover family but you turn that
into anger there's nothing more
dangerous
maybe this is the end but we're gonna go
out together
you know i'd ride to the death with you
let's get to work
please tell me that's not a pontiac
fiero strapped to a rocket engine
impressive i know no
no that's that's not impressive
i came here to take you down little
brother that's your mistake
this is my world
[Music]
damn they got a magnet plane hold on
tell me you're not thinking what i think
you're thinking there's no bridge
oh hell no
break it down
hey guys
surprise nice clubhouse
you